Title and Purpose:
C195 - Scheduling Application
A program that takes a SQL database and allows the user to update, add and delete information through a GUI.

Contact Information:
Author - Jacob Montoya
Student ID #001433510
Student Application version 1.0 1/31/2024

Version Numbers:
IntelliJ IDEA 2023.2.5 (Ultimate Edition)
Build #IU-232.10227.8, built on November 8, 2023
Licensed to Jacob Montoya
Subscription is active until December 1, 2024.
For educational use only.
Runtime version: 17.0.9+7-b1000.46 amd64
VM: OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM by JetBrains s.r.o.
Windows 10.0
GC: G1 Young Generation, G1 Old Generation
Memory: 2048M
Cores: 12
Registry:
 ide.experimental.ui=true
Kotlin: 232-1.9.0-IJ10227.8

javafx-sdk-21.0.1

JDK Development Kit 21.0.2

Directions to run Program:
Launch program and enter username and password into the text-fields. Both are case sensitive so enter them as follows:
Username: test
Password: test

If either the username or password is blank or incorrect it will show an alert and deny login. Once logged  in the program
will show the user an alert letting them know of any appointments coming up within 15 minutes.

Main Schedule Screen:

    Appointments Section:
    The top table on the screen will display all appointments that are currently in the database. There are three radio buttons
    to filter the appointments table. Show weekly, monthly, and all appointments. Below the table there are three buttons.
    Update Button:
    This button will let the user update a selected appointment and update the appointment table
    Add button:
    This button allows user to add a new appointment into the database and displays alerts for any blank fields before saving.
    Once saved the new appointment will display on the appointment table.
    Delete button:
    this button allows the user to delete a appointment from the appointment table. An alert will show before deletion to confirm delete.

    Customer Section:
    The bottom table shows all customers in the database. Below the table there are three buttons.
    Update Button:
    This button will let the user update a selected customer and update the customer table
    Add button:
    This button allows user to add a new customer into the database and displays alerts for any blank fields before saving.
    Once saved the new customer will display on the appointment table.
    Delete button:
    this button allows the user to delete a customer from the customer table. An alert will show before deletion to confirm delete.
    This will also delete any connected appointment to the deleted customer.

    There is also a reports button that will show you the reports screen and a logout button that will exit the user from the program.

Reports Screen:
    Appointments table by contact: This table displays all appointments base off selected contact.
    Appointment by type shows the number of appointments by type.
    Appointment by month shows number of appointments by month.
    Country table shows all countries that have an appointment and how many.
    Back button takes user back to Main Schedule Screen
    Logout button exits the program.

mysql-connector-j-8.2.0

